What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When I initialize a repository with "git init" a .git file is created as
	an empty git repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area may contain some or all files from the working directory.
	It contains the files I specified to add, but changes have not yet been
	committed to the repository. The staging area allows me to save a version
	of my changes, while continuing work on additional file that belong to the
	same logical changes I am making.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	Updates to several files that belong to the same logical change should first
	be staged, and then committed together with the proper comment.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	Branches will be helpful when adding new or experiential features or a different
	language, for example. A specific example may be that we created an app using
	fragments, but now want to switch to using activities instead. While we are
	experimenting, or if things go wrong, we still have the working version using
	fragments.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Diagrams are visual representations of data or information. Since they are visual,
	they help me visualize. Duh! They simplify complicated logic, or can brake them
	into smaller pieces to digest.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	One branch gets merged into another, combining the changes made to both branches.
	The currently checked out branch will always get merged when using git merge.
	In the diagram we show it the way we do to represent that all the commits from
	the merging branches now become part of the combined branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?